<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_gyz_bt2_bdc">
    <title>The Shire</title>
    <shortdesc>This is where the story opens to Bilbo Baggins and he meets the rest of his
        companions, 60  years after Smaug destroyed Erebor.</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <section id="section_hql_45d_ddc">
            <title>Bilbo Baggins</title>
            <p>Bilbo Baggins is a hobbit of the Shire.  Hobbits are little people, smaller than
                dwarves, who enjoy relaxing and not doing anything adventurous.  They don't wear
                shoes and live in Hobbit holes in the ground.  Bilbo is directly related to the
                great Bullroarer Took, and a Baggins of Bag End, greatly respected because they
                don't go on any adventures or do anything unusual.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_jnb_hvd_ddc">
            <title>Gandalf the Grey</title>
            <p>Gandalf is a wandering wizard who often comes to the Shire and entertains the
                children with fireworks.  He even entertained a younger Bilbo Baggins many years
                earlier.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_p4l_4vd_ddc">
            <title>The Dwarves</title>
            <p>Bilbo is eating dinner one night when he is interrupted by a knock at the door.  It
                is thirteen dwarves from Erebor:<ul id="ul_kqj_qwd_ddc">
                    <li>Fili</li>
                    <li>Kili</li>
                    <li>Bifur</li>
                    <li>Bofur</li>
                    <li>Bombur</li>
                    <li>Dori</li>
                    <li>Nori</li>
                    <li>Ori</li>
                    <li>Balin</li>
                    <li>Dwalin</li>
                    <li>Oin</li>
                    <li>Gloin</li>
                    <li>Thorin Oakenshield, prince of Erebor</li>
                </ul>The dwarves help themselves to Bilbo's pantry and eat his dinner, and later
                Gandalf arrives.  Gandalf and Thorin present a plan to remove Smaug and reclaim
                Erebor.  They have a map that mentions a hidden passage into the Lonely Mountain and
                they only need one more member for their quest: a burglar.  Gandalf convinces Bilbo
                that he is the best choice for that position because he  is small and light on his
                feet.</p>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
